[docs-only] Releasenotes for 1.10 (#2369)
owncloud/ocis: docs/ocis/release_notes.md

geekdocEditPath: edit/master/docs/ocis
geekdocFilePath: release_notes.md
---
## ownCloud Infinite Scale 1.10.0 Technology Preview

> Version 1.10.0 is another Tech Preview release of ownCloud Infinite Scale. More enhancements were added and the platform was more matured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 1.10.0 is another Tech Preview release of ownCloud Infinite Scale. More enhancements were added and the maturity of the platform has been improved.
```
